{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}\fs22 Phrase Catalog (Readable)\line Total lines: 167\line\line Columns: index | id | section | bucket | persona | priority | en | no\line\line 1 | welcome.standard.1 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.1 | personal_trainer | core | Good to see you. Let's start with some easy movement and build from there. | Fint at du er her. Vi starter rolig og bygger derfra.\line 2 | welcome.standard.2 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.2 | personal_trainer | core | Ready when you are. Take a breath, settle in, and we'll ease into it. | Klar n\u229?r du er. Ta et pust, finn roen, s\u229? setter vi i gang.\line 3 | welcome.standard.3 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.3 | personal_trainer | core | Nice timing. Let's warm up properly and set the tone for a good session. | Bra timing. La oss varme opp ordentlig og legge grunnlaget.\line 4 | welcome.standard.4 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.4 | personal_trainer | core | Let's get moving. Controlled pace to start, then we'll find your rhythm. | La oss komme i gang. Kontrollert tempo til \u229? begynne med.\line 5 | welcome.standard.5 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.5 | personal_trainer | core | Welcome back. Focus on how your body feels and we'll build from there. | Velkommen tilbake. Kjenn p\u229? kroppen s\u229? bygger vi derfra.\line 6 | welcome.standard.6 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.6 | personal_trainer | core | Alright, let's begin. Smooth and steady, no rush. | Ok, la oss begynne. Rolig og jevnt, uten stress.\line 7 | welcome.standard.7 | welcome.standard | welcome.standard.7 | personal_trainer | core | Good call showing up. Start easy, the intensity will come naturally. | Bra at du dukket opp. Start rolig, intensiteten kommer naturlig.\line 8 | welcome.beginner.1 | welcome.beginner | welcome.beginner.1 | personal_trainer | core | Great that you're here. We'll start slow and keep it simple. | Fint at du er her. Vi starter sakte og holder det enkelt.\line 9 | welcome.beginner.2 | welcome.beginner | welcome.beginner.2 | personal_trainer | core | Welcome. Just focus on breathing and moving at your own pace. | Velkommen. Bare fokuser p\u229? pusten og beveg deg i ditt tempo.\line 10 | welcome.beginner.3 | welcome.beginner | welcome.beginner.3 | personal_trainer | core | Let's begin easy. No pressure, just getting your body warmed up. | La oss starte rolig. Ingen press, bare f\u229? kroppen varm.\line 11 | welcome.beginner.4 | welcome.beginner | welcome.beginner.4 | personal_trainer | core | Nice to have you. Take it one step at a time, I'll guide you through. | Godt \u229? ha deg her. Ett steg om gangen, jeg guider deg.\line 12 | welcome.beginner.5 | welcome.beginner | welcome.beginner.5 | personal_trainer | core | You're here, that's the hardest part. Now let's ease into it together. | Du er her, det er det vanskeligste. N\u229? tar vi det rolig sammen.\line 13 | welcome.breath.1 | welcome.breath | welcome.breath.1 | personal_trainer | core | Take a moment. Deep breath in, slow breath out. Now let's begin. | Ta et \u248?yeblikk. Dyp innpust, rolig utpust. N\u229? begynner vi.\line 14 | welcome.breath.2 | welcome.breath | welcome.breath.2 | personal_trainer | core | Start by finding your breath. Shoulders down, chest open, easy pace. | Start med \u229? finne pusten. Skuldrene ned, brystet \u229?pent, rolig tempo.\line 15 | welcome.breath.3 | welcome.breath | welcome.breath.3 | personal_trainer | core | Let's connect with your breathing first. Everything else follows from there. | La oss koble p\u229? pusten f\u248?rst. Alt annet f\u248?lger derfra.\line 16 | welcome.breath.4 | welcome.breath | welcome.breath.4 | personal_trainer | core | Settle your breath, relax your body. We'll build the intensity gradually. | Finn roen i pusten, slapp av kroppen. Vi bygger intensiteten gradvis.\line 17 | coach.critical.1 | coach.critical | coach.critical.1 | personal_trainer | core | STOP! Breathe slowly. You're safe. | STOPP! Pust sakte. Du er trygg.\line 18 | coach.warmup.1 | coach.warmup | coach.warmup.1 | personal_trainer | core | Welcome. Let's start slow. Find your rhythm. | Velkommen. La oss starte rolig. Finn rytmen din.\line 19 | coach.warmup.2 | coach.warmup | coach.warmup.2 | personal_trainer | core | Good. Breathe in, and out. Settle your shoulders. | Bra. Pust inn, og ut. Slapp av skuldrene.\line 20 | coach.warmup.3 | coach.warmup | coach.warmup.3 | personal_trainer | core | Steady now. Don't rush. Warmup first, intensity later. | Rolig n\u229?. Ikke stress. Oppvarming f\u248?rst.\line 21 | coach.warmup.4 | coach.warmup | coach.warmup.4 | personal_trainer | core | Easy does it. Focus on breathing, not speed. | Ta det med ro. Fokuser p\u229? pusten.\line 22 | coach.cooldown.1 | coach.cooldown | coach.cooldown.1 | personal_trainer | core | Well done. Let the breath settle. You earned it. | Bra jobbet. La pusten roe seg. Du fortjener det.\line 23 | coach.cooldown.2 | coach.cooldown | coach.cooldown.2 | personal_trainer | core | Relax. Slow it down. Shoulder and chest relaxed. | Slapp av. Senk tempoet. Skuldre og bryst avslappet.\line 24 | coach.cooldown.3 | coach.cooldown | coach.cooldown.3 | personal_trainer | core | Good session. Keep calm and controlled. | God \u248?kt. Hold deg rolig og kontrollert.\line 25 | coach.cooldown.4 | coach.cooldown | coach.cooldown.4 | personal_trainer | core | Steady breathing. That's how we finish strong. | Jevn pust. Slik avslutter vi sterkt.\line 26 | coach.cooldown.5 | coach.cooldown | coach.cooldown.5 | personal_trainer | core | Nice work. You controlled your effort well. | Bra jobbet. Du kontrollerte innsatsen godt.\line 27 | coach.intense.calm.1 | coach.intense | coach.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | Maintain control. Pace yourself. Don't overdo it. | Behold kontrollen. Hold tempoet. Ikke overdrive.\line 28 | coach.intense.calm.2 | coach.intense | coach.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | Good. Keep that rhythm. Slightly faster, not frantic. | Bra. Hold rytmen. Litt raskere, ikke hektisk.\line 29 | coach.intense.calm.3 | coach.intense | coach.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | PUSH! Harder! | TRYKK! Hardere!\line 30 | coach.intense.calm.4 | coach.intense | coach.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | You got more! | Du har mer!\line 31 | coach.intense.moderate.1 | coach.intense | coach.intense.moderate | personal_trainer | core | Good. Keep that rhythm. Slightly faster, not frantic. | Bra. Hold rytmen. Litt raskere, ikke hektisk.\line 32 | coach.intense.moderate.2 | coach.intense | coach.intense.moderate | personal_trainer | core | Steady arms, steady breath. That's it. | Sterke armer, st\u248? pust. Der ja.\line 33 | coach.intense.moderate.3 | coach.intense | coach.intense.moderate | personal_trainer | core | Keep going! Don't stop! | Fortsett! Ikke stopp!\line 34 | coach.intense.moderate.4 | coach.intense | coach.intense.moderate | personal_trainer | core | Good! Hold the pace! | Bra! Hold tempoet!\line 35 | coach.intense.intense.1 | coach.intense | coach.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Breathing quickened. Slow down a touch. | Pusten \u248?ker. Senk litt.\line 36 | coach.intense.intense.2 | coach.intense | coach.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Maintain control. Pace yourself. Don't overdo it. | Behold kontrollen. Hold tempoet.\line 37 | coach.intense.intense.3 | coach.intense | coach.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | One more interval like this and you're done. Focus. | En runde til slik, s\u229? er du ferdig. Fokus.\line 38 | coach.intense.intense.4 | coach.intense | coach.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | YES! Hold on! Ten more! | JA! Hold ut! Ti til!\line 39 | cont.critical.1 | cont.critical | cont.critical.1 | personal_trainer | core | STOP! | STOPP!\line 40 | cont.critical.2 | cont.critical | cont.critical.2 | personal_trainer | core | Breathe slow! | Pust rolig!\line 41 | cont.critical.3 | cont.critical | cont.critical.3 | personal_trainer | core | Easy now! | Ta det rolig!\line 42 | cont.critical.4 | cont.critical | cont.critical.4 | personal_trainer | core | Slow down! | Senk farten!\line 43 | cont.critical.5 | cont.critical | cont.critical.5 | personal_trainer | core | Too hard! | For hardt!\line 44 | cont.warmup.1 | cont.warmup | cont.warmup.1 | personal_trainer | core | Easy pace, nice start. | Rolig tempo, fin start.\line 45 | cont.warmup.2 | cont.warmup | cont.warmup.2 | personal_trainer | core | Steady, good warmup. | Jevnt, god oppvarming.\line 46 | cont.warmup.3 | cont.warmup | cont.warmup.3 | personal_trainer | core | Gentle, keep warming up. | Rolig, fortsett oppvarmingen.\line 47 | cont.warmup.4 | cont.warmup | cont.warmup.4 | personal_trainer | core | Nice and easy. | Fint og rolig.\line 48 | cont.warmup.5 | cont.warmup | cont.warmup.5 | personal_trainer | core | Perfect warmup pace. | Perfekt oppvarmingstempo.\line 49 | cont.cooldown.1 | cont.cooldown | cont.cooldown.1 | personal_trainer | core | Bring it down, easy now. | Senk tempoet, ta det rolig n\u229?.\line 50 | cont.cooldown.2 | cont.cooldown | cont.cooldown.2 | personal_trainer | core | Slow breaths, good cooldown. | Rolige pust, god nedkj\u248?ling.\line 51 | cont.cooldown.3 | cont.cooldown | cont.cooldown.3 | personal_trainer | core | Ease off, nice work. | Slipp av, bra jobbet.\line 52 | cont.cooldown.4 | cont.cooldown | cont.cooldown.4 | personal_trainer | core | Almost done, slow it. | Nesten ferdig, senk farten.\line 53 | cont.cooldown.5 | cont.cooldown | cont.cooldown.5 | personal_trainer | core | Perfect, keep slowing down. | Perfekt, fortsett \u229? roe ned.\line 54 | cont.intense.calm.1 | cont.intense | cont.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | You can push harder! | Du kan presse hardere!\line 55 | cont.intense.calm.2 | cont.intense | cont.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | More effort, you got this! | Mer innsats, du klarer det!\line 56 | cont.intense.calm.3 | cont.intense | cont.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | Speed up a bit! | \u216?k tempoet.\line 57 | cont.intense.calm.4 | cont.intense | cont.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | Give me more power! | Mer press n\u229?!\line 58 | cont.intense.calm.5 | cont.intense | cont.intense.calm | personal_trainer | core | Let's pick up the pace! | La oss \u248?ke farten!\line 59 | cont.intense.mod.1 | cont.intense | cont.intense.mod | personal_trainer | core | Keep going, good pace! | Fortsett, godt tempo!\line 60 | cont.intense.mod.2 | cont.intense | cont.intense.mod | personal_trainer | core | Stay with it! | Hold deg fokusert!\line 61 | cont.intense.mod.3 | cont.intense | cont.intense.mod | personal_trainer | core | Nice rhythm, maintain! | Bra tempo!\line 62 | cont.intense.mod.4 | cont.intense | cont.intense.mod | personal_trainer | core | You got this! | Du klarer det!\line 63 | cont.intense.mod.5 | cont.intense | cont.intense.mod | personal_trainer | core | Good work, keep steady! | Bra jobba! Hold jevnt tempo.\line 64 | cont.intense.intense.1 | cont.intense | cont.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Perfect! Hold it! | Perfekt! Hold tempoet!\line 65 | cont.intense.intense.2 | cont.intense | cont.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Yes! Strong! | Ja! Sterkt!\line 66 | cont.intense.intense.3 | cont.intense | cont.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Keep this! | Behold dette!\line 67 | cont.intense.intense.4 | cont.intense | cont.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Excellent work! | Utmerket jobbet!\line 68 | cont.intense.intense.5 | cont.intense | cont.intense.intense | personal_trainer | core | Ten more seconds! | Ti sekunder til!\line 69 | toxic.warmup.1 | toxic.warmup | toxic.warmup.1 | toxic_mode | extended | Warming up?! We're WASTING TIME! | Oppvarming?! Vi KASTER BORT TID!\line 70 | toxic.warmup.2 | toxic.warmup | toxic.warmup.2 | toxic_mode | extended | Move FASTER or go home! | Beveg deg RASKERE eller g\u229? hjem!\line 71 | toxic.warmup.3 | toxic.warmup | toxic.warmup.3 | toxic_mode | extended | My GRANDMOTHER warms up faster! | BESTEMORA mi varmer opp raskere!\line 72 | toxic.warmup.4 | toxic.warmup | toxic.warmup.4 | toxic_mode | extended | This is PATHETIC! Let's GO! | Dette er PATETISK! La oss KJ\u216?RE!\line 73 | toxic.warmup.5 | toxic.warmup | toxic.warmup.5 | toxic_mode | extended | You call this a warmup? I call it a NAP! | Kaller du dette oppvarming? Jeg kaller det en LITEN BLUND!\line 74 | toxic.intense.calm.1 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.calm | toxic_mode | extended | PATHETIC! My grandma pushes harder! | PATETISK! Bestemora mi presser hardere!\line 75 | toxic.intense.calm.2 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.calm | toxic_mode | extended | Are you even TRYING?! MOVE! | PR\u216?VER du i det hele tatt?! BEVEG DEG!\line 76 | toxic.intense.calm.3 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.calm | toxic_mode | extended | I've seen SNAILS with more intensity! | Jeg har sett SNEGLER med mer intensitet!\line 77 | toxic.intense.calm.4 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.calm | toxic_mode | extended | Is that ALL you got?! EMBARRASSING! | Er det ALT du har?! PINLIG!\line 78 | toxic.intense.calm.5 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.calm | toxic_mode | extended | WAKE UP! This isn't a spa day! | V\u197?KN OPP! Dette er ikke en spa-dag!\line 79 | toxic.intense.mod.1 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.mod | toxic_mode | extended | Barely acceptable. Give me MORE! | S\u229? vidt godkjent. Gi meg MER!\line 80 | toxic.intense.mod.2 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.mod | toxic_mode | extended | You can do better than THAT! | Du kan bedre enn DET!\line 81 | toxic.intense.mod.3 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.mod | toxic_mode | extended | I'm NOT impressed yet. HARDER! | Jeg er IKKE imponert enn\u229?. HARDERE!\line 82 | toxic.intense.mod.4 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.mod | toxic_mode | extended | Keep going or I'll double it! | Fortsett ellers dobler jeg det!\line 83 | toxic.intense.mod.5 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.mod | toxic_mode | extended | That's it?! Push HARDER! | Er det alt?! TRYKK HARDERE!\line 84 | toxic.intense.intense.1 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.intense | toxic_mode | extended | FINALLY! Was that so hard?! | ENDELIG! Var det s\u229? vanskelig?!\line 85 | toxic.intense.intense.2 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.intense | toxic_mode | extended | NOW we're talking! Don't you DARE slow down! | N\u197? snakker vi! Ikke V\u197?G \u229? senke farten!\line 86 | toxic.intense.intense.3 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.intense | toxic_mode | extended | THERE it is! About TIME! | DER er det! P\u229? TIDE!\line 87 | toxic.intense.intense.4 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.intense | toxic_mode | extended | YES! That's what I want! MORE! | JA! Det er det jeg vil ha! MER!\line 88 | toxic.intense.intense.5 | toxic.intense | toxic.intense.intense | toxic_mode | extended | Not bad. But I want BETTER! | Ikke verst. Men jeg vil ha BEDRE!\line 89 | toxic.cooldown.1 | toxic.cooldown | toxic.cooldown.1 | toxic_mode | extended | Done already?! Fine. You EARNED this break. | Ferdig allerede?! Greit. Du FORTJENTE denne pausen.\line 90 | toxic.cooldown.2 | toxic.cooldown | toxic.cooldown.2 | toxic_mode | extended | Okay, okay. You survived. Barely. | Ok, ok. Du overlevde. S\u229? vidt.\line 91 | toxic.cooldown.3 | toxic.cooldown | toxic.cooldown.3 | toxic_mode | extended | Not the worst I've seen. Rest up. | Ikke det verste jeg har sett. Hvil deg.\line 92 | toxic.cooldown.4 | toxic.cooldown | toxic.cooldown.4 | toxic_mode | extended | Acceptable performance. BARELY acceptable. | Godkjent prestasjon. S\u229? vidt godkjent.\line 93 | toxic.cooldown.5 | toxic.cooldown | toxic.cooldown.5 | toxic_mode | extended | Alright, breathe. You'll need it for next time. | Greit, pust. Du trenger det til neste gang.\line 94 | toxic.critical.1 | toxic.critical | toxic.critical.1 | toxic_mode | extended | Alright, real talk. Breathe. Safety first. | Ok, alvor n\u229?. Pust. Sikkerhet f\u248?rst.\line 95 | toxic.critical.2 | toxic.critical | toxic.critical.2 | toxic_mode | extended | Okay, stop. I'm tough, not stupid. Rest. | Ok, stopp. Jeg er toff, ikke dum. Hvil.\line 96 | toxic.critical.3 | toxic.critical | toxic.critical.3 | toxic_mode | extended | Hey. Real break. Breathe slow. I mean it. | Hei. Ordentlig pause. Pust rolig. Jeg mener det.\line 97 | breath.prep.1 | breath.prep | breath.prep.1 | personal_trainer | core | Alright, let's get ready. | Greit, la oss gj\u248?re oss klare.\line 98 | breath.prep.2 | breath.prep | breath.prep.2 | personal_trainer | core | Drink some water if you need to. | Drikk litt vann om du trenger.\line 99 | breath.prep.3 | breath.prep | breath.prep.3 | personal_trainer | core | Stretch out anything that feels tight. | T\u248?y ut det som kjennes stramt.\line 100 | breath.prep.4 | breath.prep | breath.prep.4 | personal_trainer | core | We start in a moment. Take a deep breath. | Vi starter snart. Ta et dypt pust.\line 101 | breath.prep.5 | breath.prep | breath.prep.5 | personal_trainer | core | Remember: if you need to stop at any point, just stop. Listen to your body. | Husk: om du trenger \u229? stoppe, bare stopp. Lytt til kroppen.\line 102 | breath.prep.6 | breath.prep | breath.prep.6 | personal_trainer | core | Shake it out. Loosen up. | Rist det ut. Slapp av.\line 103 | breath.prep.safety.1 | breath.prep | breath.prep.safety | personal_trainer | core | If anything feels wrong during the workout, stop immediately. Your safety comes first. | Hvis noe f\u248?les feil under \u248?kten, stopp med en gang. Din sikkerhet kommer f\u248?rst.\line 104 | breath.warmup.1 | breath.warmup | breath.warmup.1 | personal_trainer | core | Find your rhythm. Steady breaths. | Finn rytmen. Jevne pust.\line 105 | breath.warmup.2 | breath.warmup | breath.warmup.2 | personal_trainer | core | Easy breathing. Let it flow. | Rolig pust. La det flyte.\line 106 | breath.warmup.3 | breath.warmup | breath.warmup.3 | personal_trainer | core | Shoulders down, chest open. | Skuldrene ned, brystet \u229?pent.\line 107 | breath.warmup.4 | breath.warmup | breath.warmup.4 | personal_trainer | core | Nice and controlled. Build slowly. | Fint og kontrollert. Bygg sakte.\line 108 | breath.warmup.5 | breath.warmup | breath.warmup.5 | personal_trainer | core | Breathe through the nose if you can. | Pust gjennom nesen om du kan.\line 109 | breath.intense.1 | breath.intense | breath.intense.1 | personal_trainer | core | Breathe through it. | Pust gjennom det.\line 110 | breath.intense.2 | breath.intense | breath.intense.2 | personal_trainer | core | Strong exhale. Power. | Sterk utpust. Kraft.\line 111 | breath.intense.3 | breath.intense | breath.intense.3 | personal_trainer | core | Don't hold your breath. | Ikke hold pusten.\line 112 | breath.intense.4 | breath.intense | breath.intense.4 | personal_trainer | core | Exhale on the effort. | Pust ut p\u229? innsatsen.\line 113 | breath.intense.5 | breath.intense | breath.intense.5 | personal_trainer | core | Keep breathing. Stay with it. | Fortsett \u229? puste. Hold deg i det.\line 114 | breath.recovery.1 | breath.recovery | breath.recovery.1 | personal_trainer | core | Slow it down. In four... out six. | Senk tempoet. Inn fire... ut seks.\line 115 | breath.recovery.2 | breath.recovery | breath.recovery.2 | personal_trainer | core | Long exhale. Let the tension go. | Lang utpust. Slipp spenningen.\line 116 | breath.recovery.3 | breath.recovery | breath.recovery.3 | personal_trainer | core | Recovery breath. Nice and slow. | Hvilepust. Fint og rolig.\line 117 | breath.recovery.4 | breath.recovery | breath.recovery.4 | personal_trainer | core | Breathe deep. You earned this. | Pust dypt. Du fortjente dette.\line 118 | breath.recovery.5 | breath.recovery | breath.recovery.5 | personal_trainer | core | Slow nose breathing. Good. | Rolig nesepust. Bra.\line 119 | breath.cooldown.1 | breath.cooldown | breath.cooldown.1 | personal_trainer | core | Deep breath in... slow breath out. | Dypt inn... sakte ut.\line 120 | breath.cooldown.2 | breath.cooldown | breath.cooldown.2 | personal_trainer | core | You earned this. Breathe deep. | Du fortjente dette. Pust dypt.\line 121 | breath.cooldown.3 | breath.cooldown | breath.cooldown.3 | personal_trainer | core | Let your breathing return to normal. | La pusten komme tilbake til normalt.\line 122 | breath.cooldown.4 | breath.cooldown | breath.cooldown.4 | personal_trainer | core | Relax everything. Just breathe. | Slapp av alt. Bare pust.\line 123 | breath.cooldown.5 | breath.cooldown | breath.cooldown.5 | personal_trainer | core | Great session. Wind it down. | Bra \u248?kt. Ro det ned.\line 124 | breath.interrupt.cant_breathe.1 | breath.interrupt | breath.interrupt.cant_breathe | personal_trainer | core | That's okay. Slow way down. Breathe through your nose. | Det er greit. Senk farten. Pust gjennom nesen.\line 125 | breath.interrupt.slow_down.1 | breath.interrupt | breath.interrupt.slow_down | personal_trainer | core | Slowing down. Match my count. In... two... three... | Vi senker tempoet. F\u248?lg tellingen. Inn... to... tre...\line 126 | breath.interrupt.dizzy.1 | breath.interrupt | breath.interrupt.dizzy | personal_trainer | core | Stop moving. Sit down if you need to. Slow nose breathing. | Stopp. Sett deg ned om du trenger. Rolig nesepust.\line 127 | zone.watch_disconnected.1 | zone.watch_disconnected | zone.watch_disconnected.1 | personal_trainer | core | Watch disconnected. I'll coach using breathing and timing. | Klokken er frakoblet. Jeg coacher videre med pust og timing.\line 128 | zone.no_sensors.1 | zone.no_sensors | zone.no_sensors.1 | personal_trainer | core | No sensors now. Run by feel. | Ingen sensorer n\u229?. L\u248?p p\u229? f\u248?lelse.\line 129 | zone.watch_restored.1 | zone.watch_restored | zone.watch_restored.1 | personal_trainer | core | Watch restored. Zone coaching is back. | Klokken er tilbake. Sonecoaching er aktiv igjen.\line 130 | zone.countdown.30 | zone.countdown | zone.countdown.30 | personal_trainer | core | 30 seconds left. | 30 sekunder igjen.\line 131 | zone.countdown.15 | zone.countdown | zone.countdown.15 | personal_trainer | core | 15 seconds left. | 15 sekunder igjen.\line 132 | zone.countdown.5 | zone.countdown | zone.countdown.5 | personal_trainer | core | 5 seconds left. | 5 sekunder igjen.\line 133 | zone.countdown.start | zone.countdown | zone.countdown.start | personal_trainer | core | Next interval now. | Neste drag n\u229?.\line 134 | zone.main_started.1 | zone.main_started | zone.main_started.1 | personal_trainer | core | Main set now. Stay controlled. | Hoveddel n\u229?. Hold kontroll.\line 135 | zone.workout_finished.1 | zone.workout_finished | zone.workout_finished.1 | personal_trainer | core | Workout finished. Nice work. | \u216?kten er ferdig. Bra jobbet.\line 136 | zone.hr_poor_enter.1 | zone.hr_poor_enter | zone.hr_poor_enter.1 | personal_trainer | core | Heart-rate signal is weak right now. I'll coach using timing and breathing until it stabilizes. Tighten your watch strap. | Puls-signalet er svakt akkurat n\u229?. Jeg coacher med timing og pust til det stabiliserer seg. Stram klokka litt.\line 137 | zone.hr_poor_exit.1 | zone.hr_poor_exit | zone.hr_poor_exit.1 | personal_trainer | core | Heart-rate signal is stable again. Returning to zone coaching. | Pulsen er stabil igjen. Vi g\u229?r tilbake til sonecoaching.\line 138 | zone.above.minimal.1 | zone.above | zone.above.minimal | personal_trainer | core | Ease off 10-15 seconds. | Litt ned 10-15 sekunder.\line 139 | zone.above.default.1 | zone.above | zone.above.default | personal_trainer | core | Ease off and regain control. | Litt ned. Finn kontroll.\line 140 | zone.above_ease.minimal.1 | zone.above_ease | zone.above_ease.minimal | personal_trainer | core | HR still climbing. Ease down. | Pulsen stiger. Rolig ned.\line 141 | zone.above_ease.default.1 | zone.above_ease | zone.above_ease.default | personal_trainer | core | Your heart rate is still climbing. Ease down for 20 seconds. | Pulsen stiger fortsatt. Ro ned 20 sekunder.\line 142 | zone.below.minimal.1 | zone.below | zone.below.minimal | personal_trainer | core | Build slightly now. | Bygg litt opp n\u229?.\line 143 | zone.below.default.1 | zone.below | zone.below.default | personal_trainer | core | Build effort slightly now. | Litt opp i innsats n\u229?.\line 144 | zone.below_push.minimal.1 | zone.below_push | zone.below_push.minimal | personal_trainer | core | You're moving. Add a little. | Du er i gang. Litt opp.\line 145 | zone.below_push.default.1 | zone.below_push | zone.below_push.default | personal_trainer | core | You're moving well. Add a little effort and keep the flow. | Du er i gang. \u216?k litt n\u229? og hold flyten.\line 146 | zone.in_zone.minimal.1 | zone.in_zone | zone.in_zone.minimal | personal_trainer | core | Good. Stay here. | Bra. Hold deg her.\line 147 | zone.in_zone.default.1 | zone.in_zone | zone.in_zone.default | personal_trainer | core | Nice. Hold this zone. | Der ja. Hold deg i denne sonen.\line 148 | zone.phase.work.default.1 | zone.phase | zone.phase.work | personal_trainer | core | Work block. Controlled hard. | Dragstart. Kontroller hardt.\line 149 | zone.phase.work.motivational.1 | zone.phase | zone.phase.work | personal_trainer | core | New work block. Controlled hard now. | Nytt drag. Sterk kontroll n\u229?.\line 150 | zone.phase.rest.1 | zone.phase | zone.phase.rest | personal_trainer | core | Recovery block. Easy jog. | Pauseblokk. Rolig jogg.\line 151 | zone.phase.warmup.1 | zone.phase | zone.phase.warmup | personal_trainer | core | Warm-up now. Keep it easy. | Oppvarming n\u229?. Hold det lett.\line 152 | zone.phase.cooldown.1 | zone.phase | zone.phase.cooldown | personal_trainer | core | Cooldown now. Bring heart rate down. | Nedjogg n\u229?. Senk pulsen.\line 153 | zone.pause.detected.1 | zone.pause | zone.pause.detected | personal_trainer | core | Looks like you paused. Start easy again when ready. | Du ser ut til \u229? ha stoppet. Start rolig igjen n\u229?r du er klar.\line 154 | zone.pause.resumed.1 | zone.pause | zone.pause.resumed | personal_trainer | core | Good, you're moving again. Keep it controlled. | Bra, du er i gang igjen. Hold rolig kontroll.\line 155 | zone.silence.work.1 | zone.silence | zone.silence.work | personal_trainer | core | Stay controlled. One rep at a time. | Hold kontroll. Ett drag av gangen.\line 156 | zone.silence.rest.1 | zone.silence | zone.silence.rest | personal_trainer | core | Stay easy between reps. | Rolig mellom dragene.\line 157 | zone.silence.default.1 | zone.silence | zone.silence.default | personal_trainer | core | Hold steady rhythm. | Hold jevn rytme.\line 158 | motivation.1 | motivation.1 | motivation.1 | personal_trainer | core | You're doing great. | Du er kjempeflink.\line 159 | motivation.2 | motivation.2 | motivation.2 | personal_trainer | core | Strong work. Keep it up. | Sterkt. Fortsett slik.\line 160 | motivation.3 | motivation.3 | motivation.3 | personal_trainer | core | That's the effort I want to see. | Det er innsatsen jeg vil se.\line 161 | motivation.4 | motivation.4 | motivation.4 | personal_trainer | core | One step at a time. You got this. | Ett steg om gangen. Du klarer det.\line 162 | motivation.5 | motivation.5 | motivation.5 | personal_trainer | core | Discipline beats motivation. Keep going. | Disiplin sl\u229?r motivasjon. Fortsett.\line 163 | motivation.6 | motivation.6 | motivation.6 | personal_trainer | core | This is where it counts. | Det er n\u229? det gjelder.\line 164 | motivation.7 | motivation.7 | motivation.7 | personal_trainer | core | You showed up. Now finish it. | Du m\u248?tte opp. N\u229? fullf\u248?rer du.\line 165 | motivation.8 | motivation.8 | motivation.8 | personal_trainer | core | Trust the process. | Stol p\u229? prosessen.\line 166 | motivation.9 | motivation.9 | motivation.9 | personal_trainer | core | Every rep matters. | Hvert steg teller.\line 167 | motivation.10 | motivation.10 | motivation.10 | personal_trainer | core | Finish what you started. | Fullf\u248?r det du begynte p\u229?.\line }